We are hiring a Web/UI Engineer to develop a data-rich and reliable user experience. These frontends are constructed using JS, CSS, React, and Flutter, and serve as Canonical's enterprise products that act as the company's face to our users.
In order to create consistency across our products and sites, we have a central team that builds an open-source React toolkit and presentation layer, the Vanilla Framework. We are excited to develop this further and see if we can help more open-source projects build performant and accessible interfaces that respond well to diverse layouts. We use REST APIs for communication, and we consider API design an important part of the process.
Flutter is a new front-end technology that has the potential to unify our desktop and web development. We are growing the team's exposure to Flutter and have roles on both web and Ubuntu engineering for this specialism.
We hire developers with outstanding academic results and a passion for open-source software, innovation, and cutting-edge web technologies. In these roles, you will have the opportunity to make significant contributions through high-quality, front-end and back-end code while exhibiting technical leadership, exceptional design, and intuitive user experience.
Additionally, we encourage colleagues to engage with the broader open-source community. We're looking for individuals who can help build a thriving community, contribute to a broad range of technologies, and ensure seamless software operations at scale.
Location: This is a Globally remote role.
The role entails
Design and implement well-tested and documented software in Web technologies or Flutter.
Debug and fix issues encountered by your users
Participate in our engineering process through code and architectural reviews
Collaborate with community and colleagues on technical specifications
Contribute to technical documentation to make it the best of its kind
Seek improvements to engineering and operations practices
Deploy and operate services developed by the team
Contribute to the success of your product through technical advocacy
What we are looking for in you
An exceptional academic track record from both high school and university
Undergraduate degree in Computer Science or STEM, or a compelling narrative about your alternative path
Drive and a track record of going above and beyond expectations
Well-organised, self-starting and able to deliver to schedule
Professional manner in interacting with colleagues, partners, and community
Experience designing and writing high-quality Web technologies
Experience with and passion for Typescript, React or Flutter
An eye for accessibility and performance
Professional written and spoken English
Experience with Linux (Debian or Ubuntu preferred)
Excellent interpersonal skills, curiosity, flexibility, and accountability
Passion, thoughtfulness, and self-motivation
Excellent communication and presentation skills
Result-oriented, with a personal drive to meet commitments
Ability to travel twice a year, for company events for up to two weeks each
Nice-to-have skills
Experience with container tech such as LXD, Docker and Kubernetes
Attention to detail concerning user-centric UI development
REST API design, development and governance
Performance engineering and security experience