Your day at NTT DATA
As a Consultant at NTT DATA, you will be involved in strategic projects that address our clients' organizational needs with information technology. You'll play a vital role in business transformation, using emerging technologies to create innovative opportunities that drive new business capabilities, profitable growth, and cost efficiencies. Your day will include engaging with client stakeholders within our current accounts and supporting sales to convert new accounts, creating valuable sales opportunities.
You'll bring your expertise to client engagements, identifying and analysing business problems and providing opportunities for increased market share. Your role involves outlining end-to-end solution sets that enable clients' business transformations. You'll estimate project scopes and timelines accurately and continuously seek innovative solutions to improve clients' businesses, driving growth for NTT DATA.
Your responsibilities will include facilitating client-facing workshops, conducting presentations on IT and business issues, and assisting with the design and methodology needed to address these issues. You'll collaborate with sales during the presales process, conducting meetings, writing proposals, proposing solutions, and delivering presentations. Providing technical support to presales architects in developing strategic roadmaps is also part of your day.
Monitoring client satisfaction and ensuring the completion of assignments is vital. You'll work closely with internal stakeholders in proposal development and other business activities, leveraging your business acumen and industry knowledge to support successful client engagements.
To thrive in this role, you need to have:
Extensive knowledge of systems, software, and programming languages.
A proven track record in transformational consulting, running discovery workshops, business development, and presales.
A good understanding of the IT industry environment and business needs.
Moderate domain/industry expertise coupled with consulting and client engagement experience.
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills.
The ability to focus on detail while understanding its broader business impacts.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills to develop and maintain strong stakeholder relationships.
An excellent client service orientation and the ability to work in high-pressure situations.
A bachelor’s degree in information technology, Business Management, or a related field.